hello my name is appointed own country
becoming of mine in Canal today we're
going to start learning German by
playing computer games playing games is
something that you really enjoy and
learning languages can be not that
enjoyable sometimes and I find it really
helpful to install your favorite game in
the language that you like so I stopped
the sims in German and now we're gonna
play now we're going to try and learn
new words connected with your
personality and your look in some cells
as heart so hello
each hiset I'm going to create myself
and I'm going to call myself lingua
marina so you can recognize me and my
name is gonna be no Keiko and I'm wisely
which is female and manly
you'll be male right so I'm an adult
and in German an adult is a botanist
between a botanist I am an adult I then
well my favorite part is actually
creating yourself and my hair looks a
little different so here your hairstyle
in German is crystal and you can see the
word here so my hairstyle is something
like this and the color pretty much
matches me which I like and now we're
going to work on my gives me with space
so they actually offered me to start
with a hot fiber which is hot baba is my
skin tone and I think I'm pretty pale so
I'm going to choose releases this color
and I'm gonna go with yes I'm like a
teeny do blue like oh my gosh seriously
I could block blow hot or that close so
we can do blue red or green which is
kind of funny or you can do like a mean
gray but I want to do this true to life
because I want to continue the series of
videos and show you how you can learn in
terms of playing so I'm going to create
my cell like real me and try to
my life so let's continue with the
disease okay sir chosen my house Abba
and now I can choose my type I think
this is pretty much me and this is a
Jurina jolly like seriously 100% this
girl looks like her house details um so
you can have like pretzels or yeah I
have a freckle I have friends on here
let's have it
okay now it's Anna my teeth my teeth oh
I used to wear braces but I don't have
them anymore so I will stick with a
natural one now we're going to work with
the ice the eyes in German alguns this
is me yeah okay I will choose this and
my color is spinel now you know when
you're speaking German Germans your has
to go didn't you throw is like brown
minor alguns and proud my eyes are brown
okay damage start with the eyebrows they
say here hi I'm Faisal which means they
sued my hair they're the same color as
my hair which is exactly what I need
because I think there is a face then the
notes I can just create the shape of
your nose that I will choose whatever
they have here yeah I think this one's
better
and then the lips moon eyes my mouth
yeah something like this okay this is
not like my hundred written copy but
it's like what wait what we're getting
here accessories oh yeah I wear
sometimes I wear earrings Oh Inga um
this is earrings in German and I'm gonna
wear it's like no no no no no way okay
I'm going to wear B Y done they have
like small diamonds oh here this is not
a diamond though but okay we'll leave it
like this and make up make up in German
is make up which is really obvious so uh
what about this one do you guys like it
nah I'm gonna oh can I cancel it
yeah I just cancel here so yeah I really
like the makeup that is here right now
and the next so algún ash Lincoln which
means um to makeup on your eyes no we're
not going to make it because I'm pretty
satisfied with what we have here
eyeliner and I think it's fine baingan
are my cheeks and I usually wear
something on my cheek so we'll choose
that now we're going to go with the
outfit so right now I'm going to show
you guys I'm wearing this nice white
shirt so it's read casual and I want to
create the safe this is stop and this is
an ahem de so this is a formal shirt
let's see they have something similar oh
yes they just if you guys who are
wondering I'm not really I'm just
wearing fans right now I'm actually
wearing horses which is jeans or
whatever you can call or anything
that is long I'm wearing some like this
ah this doesn't really look stylish but
I'm I think I'm pretty satisfied now
okay well I was just sort of like that
so hold ahem de and sometimes if you are
just looking for something general for a
general name for your outfit for your
lower part because bind the keidel which
is like clothes for your legs
what else is useful sure which is shoes
I like Tom at home what's the flavors
why not so yeah I like it and my
slippers I actually yellow oh I love
them as I'm going to show you my
flavored like see you have a minor shoe
give it which means I chose my shoes the
last very important thing then I'm fish
Trevin which means I have to choose um
like a goal for me there is different
adjectives and I really like Billy price
which means I like to be with people I
like to communicate so this squads is
like I'm making jokes all the time but
let's going to shove it this is actually
me like traveling and speaking different
languages so choose me a thematic which
are my character things netminer active
Tiffany teeth escapes I'm very active I
like to do things not on on the weekends
on the weekends are like oh I don't
understand anything
Kimmy setting yah miss foolish um
Ganesha is
when I like to eat a lot like good food
so I don't think I'm going to be able to
choose that later but I'm pretty much
sure I can apply that to myself and the
last thing that I have to choose is
material ish maybe but not that much
okay let's go said see her so I'm pretty
confident am i I think so I think I've
chosen my character and yeah this is me
and I just choose confirm click get this
heck kanonji british frightened okay my
hands means safe so I'm saving that I am
actually approaching the stage but I
love them all and this is building house
for building house mean in the next
video so don't forget to subscribe
let's choose where I want to live so
let's imagine and new crafts in San
Francisco so I'm going to choose that
and I need to choose somewhere that I
live sound tripping I think this is just
a random name for the house okay Sun
tripping Valen best set again confirmed
dead arrest Adam del familia McGill
co-housed high speed who because I am
moving I'm choosing a place to live
tentative just perspective mm I'm can
you see your perfect house oh yes
absolutely
thus women confirm hello central no
people a spin yet to Moscow so I'm gonna
build my perfect house but I'm going to
do that in the next video thank you so
much for watching this let me know if
you like this format and if this helped
you learn German please leave a comment
below so I could know because this is
the first time I'm trying something like
that and I really really hope you like
it because I mean join it so much thank
you and I'll see you the next video bye